MetricReader TemporalityPreference (#3153)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Removed the `Temporality` setting on `MetricReader` and replaced it with
  `TemporalityPreference`. This is a breaking change.
  `TemporalityPreference` is used to determine the `AggregationTemporality`
  used on a per-instrument kind basis. Currently, there are two preferences:
  * `Cumulative`: Measurements from all instrument kinds are aggregated using
    `AggregationTemporality.Cumulative`.

>   * `Delta`: Measurements from `Counter`, `AsyncCounter`, and `Histogram`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `Delta`: Measurements from `Counter`, `ObservableCounter`, and `Histogram`
```

    instruments are aggregated using `AggregationTemporality.Delta`. When

>     UpDownCounters are supported with .NET 7, they will be aggregated using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    UpDownCounters are supported with [DiagnosticSource version 7.0 onwards](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource/7.0.0-preview.2.22152.2), they will be aggregated using
```
